You know how we have all these variants? How difficult would it be, and approximately how much money and replic credits and stuff would it cost me to almost create a variant maker in the admin UI?

Now, obviously, how would that work? We obviously have steps. Maybe we'd have a text box, and then you'd have step one, and then you'd have a plus button where you can add another step. You can add the confirm Google listing, get the Google listing step. That probably wouldn't be a text box. You just put that in after a step.

The other thing we have is a declined and booked. I guess you'd put that after text. You'd have a text box where you put in declined or booked. Declined isn't decline; when does decline get triggered? I'm not sure, but you definitely have a booked one. You'd have a text that would be the final one, and then you'd make it booked instead of a step, right? You'd be at all these steps, and then, when you're at the last one, you just toggle a dropdown to make it booked, right? That would change the prompt editor. It kind of saves these as variants and allowed you to kind of do what we're doing at the moment, which is disable and enable them, but also allow you to delete them. We'd also allow you to edit each step in each text box and stuff like that and save it.

We just have the system prompts elsewhere, so all the rules and everything. How I imagine it being laid out is like the prompt editor. You open that up, and then you have the system prompt, so everything that stays the same across all variants, like everything we've worked towards apart from the conversational flow stuff. You have the current variants, which would show you the current variants and the builder that you've built. You'd be able to press a pen button and edit it step by step in different text boxes for each step. You'd have a create new variant where you'd have text boxes and you'd select if it's step one, step two, or if it's booked or if it's declined. I'm not sure if we put decline there. If that would be the system prompt, then it automatically adds the variant, and then you'd be able to see it on the admin UI.

How hard would that be? How much would that cost? 